NU6.2 library stack post-release merge. (#2409)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- MSRV is now 1.85.1.
- Migrated to `zcash_primitives 0.28.0`.

> ### Fixed
> - Updated to crate versions that fix an Orchard soundness vulnerability
>   (GHSA-2x4w-pxqw-58v9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated to crate versions that fix an Orchard soundness vulnerability
  (GHSA-ww9q-8r59-xv46) and Orchard non-canonical proof size issue
  (GHSA-2x4w-pxqw-58v9).
```
